Fix some typos in markdown files (#25273)
jhipster/generator-jhipster: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Coding Rules](#rules)
- [Git Commit Guidelines](#commit)

> And don't forget, we also accept [financial contributions to the project](https://www.jhipster.tech/sponsors/) using OpenCollective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And don't forget, we also accept [financial contributions to the project](https://www.jhipster.tech/sponsors/) using Open Collective.
```
